fix: AM JS Docs for 5.16.0 (#1729)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/performance/distributed-tracing.md

$ npm install @sentry/apm
```

> OR
> 
> Alternativly if you can't use npm packages you can use our pre-built CDN bundle that combines both `@sentry/browser` and `@sentry/apm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, instead of npm packages, you can use our pre-built CDN bundle that combines both `@sentry/browser` and `@sentry/apm`:
```

- Both "OR" and "Alternatively" express alternative, we can use just one
- Users may choose to use the CDN even if they "can use npm", those are not mutually exclusive options

```html
<script src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{% sdk_version sentry.javascript.browser %}/bundle.apm.min.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
```

*NOTE:* The `Tracing` integration is available then under `Sentry.Integrations.Tracing`.

#### Automatic Instrumentation

> For Javascript Browser we provide you with an integration that does automatic instrumentation creating `pageload` and `navigation` transaction containing Spans for XHR/fetch, Performance API (marks, measures, FCP, LCP) and resources timings (also provided by the Performance API). The Tracing
> intergration is specific to Browser so it doesn't work on Node.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `@sentry/browser`, we provide an integration called `Tracing` that does
automatic instrumentation creating `pageload` and `navigation` transactions
containing spans for XHR/fetch requests and Performance API entries such as
marks, measures and resource timings.

The `Tracing` integration is specific to `@sentry/browser` and does not work
with `@sentry/node`.
```

- Talk in terms of SDK package names for consistency;
- Introduce the name of the integration, `Tracing`, before saying that it is specific to `@sentry/browser` and before saying where it resides (later down below);
- Reword part about Performance API to avoid excess of parentheses and more generically talk about entries;
- Move note about `Tracing` is only for browser into a new paragraph for visibility. Could consider a NOTE box, though it might be too much visual noise in this case;
- Typo fixes;

$ npm install @sentry/apm
```

Alternatively, instead of npm packages, you can use our pre-built CDN bundle that combines both `@sentry/browser` and `@sentry/apm`:

```html
<script src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{% sdk_version sentry.javascript.browser %}/bundle.apm.min.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
```

> *NOTE:* The `Tracing` integration is available then under `Sentry.Integrations.Tracing`.

Reviewer: This note should go later, after we've talked about what this integration is about and closer to the examples where code needs to be replaced depending on how the SDK is being used (npm vs CDN).

});
```

To send transaction, you will need to set the `tracesSampleRate` to a nonzero value. The configuration above will capture 25% of your transactions.

You can pass many different options to the `Tracing` integration (as an object of the form `{optionName: value}`), but it comes with reasonable defaults out of the box.

> For all possible options see [TypeDocs](http://getsentry.github.io/sentry-javascript/interfaces/apm.tracingoptions.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all possible options see [TypeDocs](https://getsentry.github.io/sentry-javascript/interfaces/apm.tracingoptions.html)
```

- Use HTTPS

});
```

> To send transaction, you will need to set the `tracesSampleRate` to a nonzero value. The configuration above will capture 25% of your transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send traces, you will need to set the `tracesSampleRate` to a nonzero value. The configuration above will capture 25% of your transactions.
```

This seems to have been unintentionally reverted in the previous merge commit?

This is valid for both JavaScript Browser and Node and works independent of the `Tracing` integration.

```javascript
const transaction = Sentry.startTransaction({name: 'test-transaction'});
const span = transaction.startChild({op: 'functionX'}); // This function returns a Span
// functionCallX
span.finish(); // Remember that only finished spans will be sent with the transaction
transaction.finish(); // Finishing the transaction will send it to Sentry
```

Here is a different example. If you want to create a transaction for a user interaction on you page, you need to do the following:

```javascript
// Let's say this function is invoked when a user clicks on the checkout button of your shop
shopCheckout() {
  // This will create a new Transaction for you
  const transaction = Sentry.startTransaction('shopCheckout');

  // Assume this function makes an xhr/fetch call
  const result = validateShoppingCartOnServer(); 
  
  const span = transaction.startChild({
    data: {
      result
    },
    op: 'task',
    description: `processing shopping cart result`,
  });
  processAndValidateShoppingCart(result);
  span.finish();

  transaction.finish();
}
```

> This example will send a transaction `shopCheckout` to Sentry, The transaction will contain a `task` span that measures how long `processAndValidateShoppingCart` took. Finally, the call to `transaction.finish()` will finish the transaction and send it to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will send a transaction `shopCheckout` to Sentry, the transaction will contain a `task` span that measures how long `processAndValidateShoppingCart` took. Finally, the call to `transaction.finish()` will finish the transaction and send it to Sentry.
```

#### Sending Traces

> To send transaction, set the `tracesSampleRate` to a nonzero value. The following configuration will capture 25% of all your transactions:

Reviewer: This section is titled "Sending Traces". I understood we mean "traces" in the more broad sense, for the page itself is about "Distributed Tracing".

I'd keep it "traces", because this configuration eventually determines not just that transactions from JS are sent, but that a group of transactions from all involved systems are sent -- thus forming a `trace` -- all transactions with the same `trace_id`.

```suggestion
To send traces, set the `tracesSampleRate` to a nonzero value. The following configuration will capture 25% of all your transactions:
```
